docs(operatorhub): Info about auto-releasing the bundle. (#618)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/development/release-process/_index.en.md

It's best to start working with the broader community to create release notes well before the release. Create a PR to start the process, and
work with contributors to get everything added and reviewed.

### Bundle (Final Releases)

> If you're creating a release meant for general consumption, not a milestone or release candidate you may also want to publish the bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're creating a release meant for general consumption, i.e not an internal milestone release or a release candidate, you may want to publish the bundle
```

> to publish the bundle to OperatorHub.io. The release process will create a Pull Request against the

Reviewer 2: I guess this depends on https://github.com/submariner-io/releases/pull/272.

To do so, run the `make` command with `dryrun=true`.
{{% /notice %}}

> The command runs, gathers the data for the release and updates the release YAML and pushes it for review. Once the review process is done,

Reviewer: I am not sure why this change is required? The existing text looks good to me.

Author: It's a mistake my IDE has auto-correction enabled. Thanks :+1:

   status: branch
   ```

> 3) For final releases please add the bundle fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) For final releases please add the bundle fields as follows:
```
